Document `huggingface_hub.get_safetensors_metadata` (#417)
huggingface/safetensors: docs/source/metadata_parsing.mdx

### Python

> [`huggingface_hub`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/index) provides a Python API to parse safetensors metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`huggingface_hub`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub) provides a Python API to parse safetensors metadata.
```

it will automatically redirect to index page

> Use [`get_safetensors_metadata`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/package_reference/hf_api#huggingface_hub.HfApi.get_safetensors_metadata) in order to get all the metadata of the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [`get_safetensors_metadata`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/package_reference/hf_api#huggingface_hub.HfApi.get_safetensors_metadata) to get all safetensors metadata of a model.
```

Depending on if the model is sharded or not, one or multiple safetensors files will be parsed.

```python
# Parse repo with single weights file

> >>> metadata = get_safetensors_metadata("bigscience/bloomz-560m")

Reviewer: it would be nice to show how you get `get_safetensors_metadata`

like `from xyz import get_safetensors_metadata`

[`huggingface_hub`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub) provides a Python API to parse safetensors metadata.
Use [`get_safetensors_metadata`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/package_reference/hf_api#huggingface_hub.HfApi.get_safetensors_metadata) to get all safetensors metadata of a model.
Depending on if the model is sharded or not, one or multiple safetensors files will be parsed.

```python
import requests # pip install requests
import struct

def parse_single_file(url):
    # Fetch the first 8 bytes of the file
    headers = {'Range': 'bytes=0-7'}
    response = requests.get(url, headers=headers)
    # Interpret the bytes as a little-endian unsigned 64-bit integer
    length_of_header = struct.unpack('<Q', response.content)[0]
    # Fetch length_of_header bytes starting from the 9th byte
    headers = {'Range': f'bytes=8-{7 + length_of_header}'}
    response = requests.get(url, headers=headers)
    # Interpret the response as a JSON object
    header = response.json()
    return header

url = "https://huggingface.co/gpt2/resolve/main/model.safetensors"

> header = parse_single_file(url)

Reviewer 2: i think this was still valuable to show how it actually works, no? potentially mentioning the `huggingface_hub` support at the end

Author: Linking @mishig25's PR: https://github.com/huggingface/safetensors/pull/424 (thanks about that :pray:)

> # Parse repo with sharded model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Parse repo with sharded model (i.e. multiple weights file)
```
